Now, I know what
you're thinking.
"Oh, no! Thor's in a cage.
How did this happen?"
Well, sometimes you
have to get captured
just to get a straight
answer out of somebody.
It's a long story,
but basically,
I'm a bit of a hero.
See, I spent some
time on Earth...
fought some robots,
saved the planet
a couple of times.
Then I went searching
through the cosmos
for some magic, colorful
Infinity Stone things.
Didn't find any.
That's when I came across
a path of death
and destruction...
which led me all the
way here into this cage...
where I met you.
Hmm.
How much longer do you
think we'll be here?
Thor, son of Odin.
Surtur, son of a bitch.
You're still alive.
I thought my father killed
you a half a million years ago.
I cannot die.
Not until I fulfill
my destiny...
and lay waste to your home.
It's funny you
should mention that.
Because I've been having
these terrible dreams of late.
Asgard up in flames,
falling to ruins.
And you, Surtur,
are at the center
of all of them.
Then you have seen
Ragnarok, the fall of Asgard.
- The great prophecy...
- Hang on.
Hang on.
I'll be back around shortly.
I really feel like we
were connecting there.
Okay, so Ragnarok.
Tell me about that.
Walk me through it.
My time has come.
When my crown is reunited
with the Eternal Flame...
I shall be restored
to my full might.
I will tower over
the mountains...
and bury my sword
deep in Asgard's...
Oh, hang on. Give it a second.
I swear I'm not even moving.
It's just doing this on its own.
I'm really sorry.
Okay, so let me
get this straight.
You're going to put your
crown into the Eternal Flame...
and then you'll suddenly
grow as big as a house?
A mountain!
The Eternal Flame that Odin
keeps locked away on Asgard?
Odin is not on Asgard.
And your absence has
left the throne defenseless.
Okay, so where is it?
This crown?
This is my crown, the
source of my power.
Oh, that's a crown.
I thought it was a big eyebrow.
It's a crown.
Anyway, it sounds like all I
have to do to stop Ragnarok...
is rip that thing off your head.
But Ragnarok has already begun.
You cannot stop it.
I am Asgard's doom,
and so are you.
All will suffer, all will burn.
Oh, that's intense.
To be honest, seeing
you grow really big...
and set fire to a planet
would be quite the spectacle.
But it looks like I'm gonna
have to choose option B...
where I bust out
of these chains...
knock that tiara off your head,
and stash it away
in Asgard's vault.
You cannot stop Ragnarok.
Why fight it?
Because that's what heroes do.
Hmm.
Wait, I'm sorry.
I didn't time that right.
Hmm?
And, now!
You have made a
grave mistake, Odinson.
I make grave
mistakes all the time.
Everything seems to work out.
Huh?
Heimdall, I know
it's been a while,
but I could really
use a fast exit.
Heimdall?
Heimdall was an idiot.
This job should
have made him rich.
Now, the job ain't easy...
but it does have its benefits.
The Bifrost gives me
access to everything
the Nine Realms has to offer.
I mean it's all
mine for the taking.
Behold...
my stuff.
Ooh.
I'm particularly fond of these.
I pulled them out of a place
on Midgard called Texas.
I even named them. Des and Troy.
You see, when you
put them together...
they destroy.
Heimdall, come on.
Stay!
Heimdall?
I'm running short on options.
Um... Skurge?
Is that important?
You girls are in for a treat.
Girls!
Well, well, well.
Look who decided to pop in.
Thanks for scaring
away my company
and drenching my
workplace in brains.
Who are you?
Don't you remember? I'm Skurge.
We fought together on Vanaheim.
Right. Where is Heimdall?
That traitor. No one knows.
He's a fugitive of the throne.
Traitor?
Yeah.
Well, you see, Odin charged Heimdall
with negligence of duty...
but he disappeared
before the trial.
Hard to catch a guy
who can see everything
in the universe.
Sure.
Hold on. I'm supposed to
announce your arrival.
What the hell is that?
Oh, brother. This is it.
I take my leave.
You fool, you didn't listen!
I'm sorry.
Lady Sif, get help!
Somebody, help!
Sorry for all I've done.
Shh. It's all right. Hold on.
I'm sorry I tried to rule Earth.
They'd be lucky to have you.
I'm sorry about that thing
with the Tesseract.
- I just couldn't help myself.
- I know.
I'm a trickster.
So mischievous.
Sorry about that time
I turned you into a frog.
It was a wonderful joke.
'Twas indeed hilarious.
You are the savior of Asgard.
- Tell my story.
- I will.
Build a statue for me.
We will build a
big statue for you.
With my helmet on,
with the big bendy horns.
I will tell Father what
you did here today.
I didn't do it for him.
No!
And so, Loki died
of his wounds...
giving his life for ours.
He fought back those
disgusting elves...
he brought peace to the realm.
Loki, my boy...
'twas many moons ago I found you
on that frostbitten battlefield.
On that day, I did
not yet see in you...
Asgard's savior. No.
You were merely a
little blue baby icicle...
that melted this
old fool's heart.
Bravo! Bravo! Well done. Bravo.
Father.
Oh, shit.
Uh, my son, Thor, has returned!
Greetings, my boy.
It's an interesting play.
What's it called?
The Tragedy of Loki of Asgard.
The people wanted
to commemorate him.
Ah, indeed they should.
I like the statue.
A lot better looking than he
was when he was alive, though.
A little less weaselly,
less greasy, maybe.
Do you know what this is?
The skull of Surtur.
That's a formidable weapon!
Do me a favor.
Lock this away in a vault...
so it doesn't turn
into a giant monster
and destroy the whole planet.
Thank you, dear. Um...
So it's back to
Midgard for you, is it?
Nope.
I've been having this
reoccurring dream lately.
Every night, I see
Asgard fall into ruins.
That's just a silly dream...
signs of an
overactive imagination.
Possibly.
But then I decide to go
out there and investigate.
And what do I find,
but the Nine Realms
completely in chaos.
Enemies of Asgard
assembling, plotting our demise...
all while you, Odin,
the protector of
those Nine Realms...
are sitting here
in your bathrobe,
eating grapes.
Yes, it is best to respect
our neighbors' freedom.
Yes, of course, the
freedom to be massacred.
Yes, besides I've
been rather busy myself.
Watching theater.
Board meetings, and
security council meetings...
You're really gonna
make me do it?
Do what?
You know that
nothing will stop Mjolnir
as it returns to my hand.
Not even your face.
You've gone quite mad.
You'll be executed for this.
Then I'll see you on
the other side, brother.
All right, I yield.
Behold!
Thor...
- Odinson.
- No.
You had one job. Just the one.
Where's Odin?
You just couldn't
stay away, could you?
Everything was fine without you.
Asgard was prospering.
You've ruined everything.
- Ask them.
- Where's Father?
- Did you kill him?
- You had what you wanted.
You had the
independence you asked for.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Okay. I know
exactly where he is.
I swear I left him right here.
Good morning.
How can I help you?
I was just checking
out these artifacts.
They tell me you're the expert.
Ah. You could say that.
They're beautiful.
Where's this one from?
The Bobo Ashanti tribe...
present day Ghana...
19th century.
For real?
What about this one?
That one's from the
Edo people of Benin...
16th century.
Now, tell me about this one.
Also from Benin,
seventh century.
Fula tribe, I believe.
Nah.
I beg your pardon?
It was taken by
British soldiers in Benin
but it's from Wakanda.
And it's made out of vibranium.
Don't trip.
I'mma take it off
your hands for you.
These items aren't for sale.
How do you think your
ancestors got these?
You think they
paid a fair price?
Or did they take it, like
they took everything else?
Sir, I'm going to have to
ask you to leave.
You got all this
security in here
watching me ever
since I walked in.
But you ain't checking for
what you put in your body.
All right, mate. Let's have it.
Come on, mate. Time.
I think she might not
be feeling too good.
Somebody get some help!
Come here!
Call a doctor, please!
Please, somebody, come help!
Medical emergency right away
in the West African
Exhibit, please, right away.
Look out.
Step back, please.
Step back. Thank you.
Coming through over there.
Medics coming through.
I'm gonna take a break.
Let's give the lady
some space, please.
Step back, please, gents.
Step back, please.
Hey, come here.
Come here. It's okay.
You can go, but just
don't tell anyone, all right?
Bro, why you ain't just
shoot him right here?
Because it's better to leave
the crime scene more spread out.
Makes us look like amateurs.
Now then, let's see if you know
what you're talking about.
That's just a taste.
You're gonna be a rich boy.
You better sell that quick.
It's already sold!
Whatever you try,
the Wakandans'll
probably show up.
That'll make my day.
I can kill two birds
with one stone.
You're not telling me
that's vibranium, too?
Nah, I'm just feeling it.
Just one?
Come home, Nakia.
I'm right here.
Stay.
I came to support you
and to honor your father...
but I can't stay.
I found my calling out there.
I've seen too many in
need just to turn a blind eye.
I can't be happy here...
knowing that there's people
out there who have nothing.
What would you have
Wakanda do about it?
Share what we have.
We could provide aid...
and access to technology
and refuge to those who need it.
Other countries do it,
we could do it better.
We are not like these
other countries, Nakia.
If the world found
out what we truly are...
what we possess...
we could lose our way of life.
Wakanda is strong
enough to help others
and protect ourselves
at the same time.
If you were not so stubborn,
you would make a great queen.
I would make a great queen
because I am so stubborn.
Ah! See, you admit it!
If that's what I wanted.
Is that him?
Glory to Bast, man.
Is he still growing?
Of course.
I see Nakia is back.
You guys going to work it out?
T'Challa...
what's wrong?
Nakia thinks we
should be doing more.
More, like what?
Foreign aid, refugee programs.
You let the refugees in...
they bring their
problems with them.
And then Wakanda is
like everywhere else.
Now if you said you
wanted me and my men...
to go out there and
clean up the world,
then I'll be all for it.
But waging war
on other countries
has never been our way.
You, too, huh?
Bast! We're in trouble.
My King.
My love.
You will never guess who
just popped up on our radar.
A misidentified
Wakandan artifact...
was stolen yesterday
from a British museum.
We have learned Ulysses Klaue...
plans to sell the vibranium
to an American buyer...
in South Korea...
tomorrow night.
Klaue has escaped our
pursuits for almost 30 years.
Not capturing him is, perhaps,
my father's greatest regret.
I wish to bring Klaue
back here to stand trial.
Wakanda does not
need a warrior right now.
We need a king.
My parents were
killed when he attacked.
Not a day goes by
when I do not think
about what Klaue took from us.
From me.
It's too great an
opportunity to pass.
Take me with you.
We'll take him down
together, side by side.
I need you here
protecting the border.
Then I ask...
you kill him where he stands...
or you bring him back to us.
You have my word.
I will bring him back.
We will proceed
with the mission.
My King!
Stop it. Stop it.
I've already sent a car
ahead to Busan for you.
Who are you taking
with you to Korea?
Okoye.
And Nakia as well.
You sure it's a good idea
to take your ex on a mission?
Yes.
We'll be fine.
Besides, you'll be on call
should we need backup.
Yes!
I have great things
to show you, Brother.
Here are your communication
devices for Korea.
Unlimited range,
also equipped with
audio surveillance system.
Check these out.
Remote access Kimoyo Beads.
Updated to interface
directly with my sand table.
If you're going
to take on Klaue...
you'll need the best the
design group has to offer.
Exhibit A.
- My design.
- Old tech.
Old? Functional, but old.
"Hey, people are shooting at me.
"Wait, let me put on my helmet."
Enough.
Now, look at these.
Do you like that one?
Tempting.
But the idea is
to not be noticed.
This one.
Now tell it to go on.
Ooh!
The entire suit sits within
the teeth of the necklace.
Strike it.
Anywhere? Mmm-hmm.
Not that hard, genius!
You told me to strike it.
You didn't say how hard.
I invite you to my lab,
and you just kick things around?
Well, maybe you should
make it a little stronger.
Hey.
Wait a minute.
The nanites absorb
the kinetic energy...
and hold it in place
for redistribution.
Very nice.
Strike it again
in the same spot.
You're recording?
For research purposes.
Delete that footage.
I swear I left him right here.
Right here on the sidewalk,
or right there where the
building is being demolished?
Great planning.
How was I supposed to know?
Can't see into the future.
I'm not a witch.
No? Then why do
you dress like one?
- Hey.
- I can't believe you're alive.
I saw you die.
I mourned you, I cried for you.
I'm honored.
Ask him.
Hi. Would you mind
taking a picture with us?
Oh, sure.
Start figuring out where he is.
Oh, my God.
Sorry to hear that
Jane dumped you.
She didn't dump me, you know.
I dumped her.
It was a mutual dumping.
What's this? What are you doing?
This isn't me.
Loki.
Thor Odinson.
God of Thunder.
You can put down the umbrella.
So, Earth has, uh, wizards now?
The preferred term is
"Master of the Mystic Arts."
You can leave that now.
All right, wizard.
Who are you? Why should I care?
My name is Doctor
Stephen Strange,
and I have some
questions for you.
Take a seat.
Tea?
I don't drink tea.
What do you drink?
Not tea.
So, I keep a watch list
of individuals and
beings from other realms...
that may be a
threat to this world.
Your adopted brother,
Loki, is one of those beings.
He's a worthy inclusion. Hmm.
Then why bring him here?
We're looking for my father.
So, if I were to tell
you where Odin was...
all parties concerned would
promptly return to Asgard?
Promptly.
Great! Then I'll help you.
If you knew where he
was, why didn't you call me?
I have to tell you,
he was adamant
that he not be disturbed.
Your father said he had
chosen to remain in exile.
- Hmm.
- And you don't have a phone.
No, I don't have a phone...
but you could have
sent an electronic letter.
It's called an email.
- Yeah, do you have a computer?
- No. What for?
- Uh-huh.
- Anyway,
my father is no longer in exile.
So if you could
tell me where he is,
I can take him home.
Gladly. He's in Norway.
I'm just seeing
whether this incantation
requires any
Asgardian modifications.
Nope.
Oh, we don't need that.
Will you stop doing that?
I need just one
strand of your hair.
Let me explain something.
My hair is not to
be meddled with.
We could have just walked.
He's waiting for you.
All right.
Don't forget your umbrella.
Oh, yes.
Sorry.
There we go.
I suppose I'll need
my brother back.
Oh, yeah. Right.
I have been falling
for 30 minutes!
You can handle him from here.
Yes. Of course.
Thank you very
much for your help.
Good luck.
Handle me? Who are you?
Loki.
You think you're
some kind of sorcerer?
Don't think for one
minute, you second-rate...
Bye-bye.
Father?
Look at this place.
It's beautiful.
Father, it's us.
My sons.
I've been waiting for you.
I know. We've come
to take you home.
Home, yes.
Your mother, she calls me.
Do you hear it?
Loki, lift your magic.
Took me quite a while to
break free from your spell.
Frigga would have been proud.
Come and sit with me.
I don't have much time.
I know that we failed you.
But we can make this right.
I failed you.
It is upon us. Ragnarok.
No, I've stopped Ragnarok.
I put an end to Surtur.
No.
It has already begun.
She's coming.
My life was all
that held her back.
But my time has come.
I cannot keep her
away any longer.
Father, who are
you talking about?
Goddess of Death. Hela.
My firstborn.
Your sister.
Your what?
Her violent appetites
grew beyond my control.
I couldn't stop her,
so I imprisoned her.
Locked her away.
She draws her
strength from Asgard...
and once she gets there,
her powers will be limitless.
Whatever she is, we
can stop her together.
We can face her together.
No, we won't.
I'm on a different path now.
This you must face alone.
I love you, my sons.
Look at that.
Remember this place.
Home.
Brother.
This was your doing.
So he's gone.
That's a shame.
I would've liked to have seen that.
You must be Hela.
I'm Thor, son of Odin.
Really? You don't look like him.
Perhaps we can come
to an arrangement.
You sound like him.
Kneel.
Beg your pardon?
Before your queen.
I don't think so.
It's not possible.
Darling, you have no
idea what's possible.
Bring us back!
No!
Loki!
This way.
Bast willing, this
will go quickly...
and I can get this
ridiculous thing off my head.
It looks nice.
Just whip it back and forth.
What? It's a disgrace.
Spread out.
The buyer is
likely already here.
The woman outside.
What trouble was
she referring to?
Ah... I got into a disagreement
with some ivory traders.
Made a bit of a mess. Hmm.
And will there be
any trouble tonight,
Ms. Kenyan Heiress?
Depends...
on how quickly we
finish the mission.
Can we please focus?
Thank you.
Eyes up. Americans.
I count three.
Five.
How could you miss
Greased Lightning
there behind you?
Six.
Just spotted an old friend
who works for the CIA.
It just got a little
more complicated.
Agent Ross.
Your Highness.
You are buying from Klaue.
What I'm doing or not doing...
on behalf of the U.S. government
is none of your concern.
Now, whatever the
hell you're up to...
do me a favor,
stay out of my way.
I gave you Zemo.
Didn't I keep it under wraps...
that the king of a
third world country
runs around in a
bulletproof cat suit?
I'd say we were even.
You really need to leave, now.
Klaue is leaving out
that door with me.
You've been warned.
Three, craps.
Hey, you won!
You know what?
I think I'll just take these...
bring them over here
and hold on for safekeeping.
Okay, heads up.
The king of Wakanda is here.
He cannot leave with Klaue.
All right.
Vibranium from the
attack on Sokovia
links back to a person...
that I'm not actually saying
I'm here to make a deal with...
but that deal will
not be called off.
When the dust settles,
you and me can
work something out.
I'm not here to make a deal.
Klaue, plus eight!
General.
In position to secure our exit.
And the vibranium?
I don't see it yet.
I thought there were no
weapons allowed in here.
There's not supposed to be.
Somebody did not get the memo.
Definitely armed.
Well, that is quite
the entourage.
You got a mixtape coming out?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Actually, there is one.
I'll send you the
SoundCloud link, if you like.
Hey, Dave, can you
get the link to the tape?
Please, don't make
me listen to your music.
I just meant you got a
lot of people with you.
You think they're for you?
Don't worry.
I can do a deal with
you all by myself,
thank you very much.
Six more. It's a setup.
You got the diamonds?
Okay. That's enough.
- We need to move on Klaue.
- Stand down.
We can't afford a shootout.
Vibranium?
I was going to buy
a fancy suitcase...
but I thought I'd save
myself some money.
It's now or never.
Hey!
Wakandans! They're here!
- Get outta here!
- Kill 'em all!
Diamonds, quick!
You know, you look
just like your old man.
I made it rain!
Let's get out of here, boss!
That was awesome!
Let's go! Go, go, go, come on!
Do we just leave him?
He'll catch up.
Shuri!
Yes!
Remote driving system activated.
Wait!
Which side of the road is it?
For Bast's sake!
Just drive! Okay, calm down!
Whoo! Let's go!
Put some music on.
What do you think this is, a funeral?
Which one is he in now?
Hey, split up!
They're trying to lose us.
I'll take the right.
We'll take the other two!
I see a shortcut.
We're not going to make it!
Keep going!
Whoo! Brother!
Hey, what was that?
Don't worry about it.
You're doing great.
Guns.
So primitive!
It's a vibranium
car, you idiots!
The bullets won't penetrate!
What are you doing?
Just drive.
Whoo! Shit!
Hey, look at your suit.
You've been taking bullets,
charging it up
with kinetic energy.
Pull around the truck.
Where'd he go?
You show-off.
There he is!
Hold tight!
All right. Let's have some fun!
Hop in.
Put that spear in the trunk.
Faster, Shuri.
I'm going as fast as I can!
Take a right! Take a right!
No, no, no!
Brother!
Klaue!
Did you think we would forget?
Look at me, murderer!
Where did you get this weapon?
You savages didn't deserve it.
Oh, mercy, King. Mercy.
Every breath you
take is mercy from me.
Come on. Guys. Let's go, huh?
Yeah.
Who are you?
What have you done with Thor?
I'm Hela.
I'm just a janitor.
You look like a smart boy
with good survival instincts.
How would you like a job?
Are you a fighter?
Or are you food?
I'm just passing through.
It is food.
On your knees.
He's mine.
Wait!
So if you want him,
you go through me.
But we've already got him.
All right, then.
I guess I go through you.
More food.
Thank you.
Hello.
I can see you!
I can. I can see you.
So this is a big mess, huh?
I figured we could go
good cop, bad cop.
I'll talk to him first,
then you guys go in.
After your questioning,
we will take him back
to Wakanda with us.
What? No.
Look, I like you, a lot.
But he's in my custody now.
He's not going anywhere.
Listen, I'm doing
you guys a favor
by letting you even be in here.
Does she speak English?
When she wants to.
Huh.
I'm going in.
When I'm done, you guys are up.
Agent Ross. Yeah?
I do appreciate
your help in Busan.
You see that?
It's called diplomacy.
You're welcome.
Okoye.
Play nice.
Americans.
You know, you really
shouldn't trust the Wakandans.
I'm much more your speed.
I don't trust anybody,
not in this job.
But what I am interested in
is that arm cannon out there.
Where'd you get that?
It's an old mining tool that I
made some adjustments to.
But I can get you
one, if you like.
Why don't you give me
the name of your supplier,
and I'll ask them.
He's right outside.
Why don't you ask him yourself?
What? T'Challa?
You're telling me that weapon
on your arm is from Wakanda?
Bingo.
What do you actually
know about Wakanda?
Um...
Shepherds,
textiles, cool outfits.
It's all a front.
Explorers searched
for it for centuries.
El Dorado, the Golden City.
They thought they could
find it in South America...
but it was in Africa
the whole time.
A technological marvel.
All because it was
built on a mound
of the most valuable
metal known to man.
Isipho, they call it.
The gift.
Vibranium.
Vibranium, yeah,
strongest metal on earth.
It's not just a metal.
They sew it into their clothes.
It powers their
city, their tech...
their weapons.
Weapons?
Yeah.
Makes my arm cannon
look like a leaf blower.
That's a nice fairy tale,
but Wakanda is a
third world country...
and you stole all
their vibranium.
I stole...
All of it?
I took a tiny piece of it.
They have a mountain full of it.
They've been mining it
for thousands of years...
and they still haven't
scratched the surface.
I'm the only
outsider who's seen it
and got out of there alive.
If you don't believe me,
you ask your friend
what his suit is made of.
What his claws are made of.
Your father told the UN...
that Klaue stole all
the vibranium you had.
But now he's telling
me you have more.
And you believe the word
of an arms dealer
strapped to a chair?
How much more are you hiding?
Get down!
Stand down!
Cover!
Grenade!
I see you took your
time, didn't you?
Nakia.
He just jumped in front of me.
I don't think he'll
make it here.
It hit his spine.
Give me a Kimoyo Bead.
This will stabilize him for now.
Give him to us.
We can save him.
Let's get going, boss.
You always sell to the CIA?
I sell to the highest bidder.
But don't you worry.
When I get back to Joburg...
and I lay low for a bit,
I'll make sure both
you guys get paid.
Oh, I ain't worried
about the money, bro.
I know you good for it.
On our way back, just
drop us off in Wakanda.
You don't want to go there, boy.
Yeah, I do.
Drop it!
Or your little Bonnie
and Clyde routine
ends today.
Put your gun down now!
I'm sorry.
Sorry, Erik. It's gonna be okay.
You really want
to go to Wakanda?
They're savages.
This is what they
do to people like us.
I ain't worried about no brand.
Check these out.
Each one is for a kill.
You can scar yourself
as much as you'd like.
To them, you'll
just be an outsider.
You're crazy to think
that you can walk in there.
Ah, to think I saw you
as some crazy American.